[upbeat music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
- [chuckles]
- Yosef, hey, Yosef!
This is my mom.
She flew in for graduation.
I told her you guys have
the best food in the city.
- [laughs]
We are going to miss James
when he heads off
to grad school.
He is our favorite customer.
Enjoy your meal.
- Thank you.
- Trust me, you are going
to love this place.
Their yassa is amazing.
- Well, then,
I know what I am having.
♪
I just wish your father could
be here with us.
- Still doesn't seem real,
you know?
That he's...
- I know.
♪
He would be so proud of you,
James.
How hard you've worked.
[gunshots]
- Whoa!
[all screaming]
- Get down, get down!
- We gotta get out of here!
[women shrieking]
- Come on, now.
Come on, Mom, come on!
- James!
- Oh!
James!
[sobbing]
[dramatic music]
♪
- All right, listen up,
everybody!
We have an active shooter
situation
in Morningside Heights--
205 West 112th Street--
the Domoda Restaurant.
- Near Columbia,
would've been packed for lunch.
- Yeah, we're getting word
there are multiple victims.
NYPD's on the scene,
but they're requesting
our assistance on this.
The shooter is still at large.
Kelly, we need access
to every camera feed
in the surrounding area.
Elise, get up on social media.
See if anyone's posting images
from the scene.
Everybody else,
start checking chatter.
We have to consider
the possibility
this is a hate crime.
Let's get to work, people.
Find this guy.
- Hey, I just got a call
from West Virginia.
The FBI hotline is blowing up
with citizen tips.
They've received multiple
reports from witnesses
who say there are two shooters.
- Two, okay, is this verified?
- No, nothing's been verified
yet,
which is why I need somebody
in the JOC
close to the investigation
examining each tip
in real time to figure out
what's actionable
and what isn't.
- What about Elise?
- Yeah, okay.
Let me bring her up to speed.
You two head over
to the crime scene
and sync up
with Tiffany and Scola.
- Copy.
- Spoke to the NYPD rep.
They're setting up
a five-block containment,
told everyone on campus
to shelter in place.
- What do we know so far?
- About 25 minutes ago,
two shooters opened fire
on customers and staff.
The cops were here
within minutes,
but the shooters were
already gone.
- Four dead, three wounded,
one critical--a young mother.
NYPD's working on identifying
the victims.
- Did we get a description
of these guys?
- Not yet,
eyewitnesses all scattered.
Uniforms are rounding them up
now.
- Restaurant doesn't have
any surveillance cams.
We're gonna talk
to local businesses,
see if they've got
any usable security footage.
- I got somebody you need
to talk to.
Restaurant host says he got
into a scuffle
with one of the shooters.
- I was by the front door,
about to seat a two-top,
when I saw a guy pull a gun
out of his jacket.
Like he was going to use it,
you know?
And then I heard gunshots
in the back of the restaurant.
[stammers]
- Deep breath.
Deep breath, Yosef.
We're gonna get this guy.
We just need your help first,
okay?
- It's okay.
Can you tell us what happened
next?
- Yes.
I lunged at the guy,
grabbed his arm
just as he pulled the trigger,
but I could not hold onto him.
He took off out the front,
but the other guy
just kept shooting.
- You're doing great, Yosef,
but did you recognize the man
you grabbed?
Have you seen him
in the restaurant before?
- No, never.
- Are you aware
of any angry customers?
Has anybody been
recently fired?
- Has the restaurant been
a target of any hate speech?
- Not directly,
but I have friends
who have been harassed
in the neighborhood.
- What about the shooters?
Can you describe
either of them?
- I only saw the one.
He was a white guy
with short brown hair, my age.
- Any distinguishing features,
tattoos, or scars?
- No, but the jacket he had on
was one of those
military types--
the camouflage
with the brown in it.
- That's good.
That helps.
- Hang in there.
We know this is traumatic.
Thank you.
[soft music]
- All right, here we go.
Suspect number one is
a 30-something white male,
short brown hair,
wearing a woodland camo
M-65 field jacket.
- Scola sent over a bunch
of security footage
from the neighborhood.
We're scrubbing it now.
- Good.
So obviously we're looking
for the camo jacket guy,
but if our shooters arrived
together,
we'll be able to identify both
of them--
two-for-one special,
just saying.
- NYPD just sent us preliminary
info on the victims.
- Yeah.
- Three out of the four killed
were of African descent.
- Uh-huh.
We find any other evidence
this is racially motivated?
- No, not yet.
- Jubal.
- Yeah.
- I think I got him.
Surveillance cam caught him
fleeing the restaurant
not long after the shooting
started.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's our shooter number one.
Pause it--that's a gun.
We have enough for facial rec?
- We don't have
a clear enough angle.
- Yeah,
what about our accomplice?
- No sign of him,
still looking.
- I think I've seen that guy.
People have been sending in
photos and videos
they took in the area around
the time of the shooting.
I've been going through it.
Yeah, here it is.
Same guy's in the background
of this selfie.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- According to the metadata,
this picture was taken
90 seconds
after the shooting.
- Okay, good.
What's the address?
- The Hotel Duncan, a block
away from the crime scene.
[indistinct chatter]
- Okay, let's split up.
Maybe someone saw the shooter
come through here.
- All right, Tiff and I will
show his photo to reception,
see if he's a guest here.
- FBI, do not move!
- Everybody down now!
- Get down!
- Get on the ground!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- What's in the bag?
- Clothes.
- Set it down gently.
- Okay, okay.
[dramatic music]
- On your knees,
hands on your head.
- You've got the wrong guy.
[grunts]
I told you,
you got the wrong guy!
- Yeah?
You want to explain this?
Huh?
♪
Where's your partner?
- The hell are you
talking about?
- We have you on video
fleeing the restaurant.
- Why don't you tell us
where he is,
and maybe we can work with you.
- I'm not the bad guy here.
- Okay, seven people were shot.
- Four are dead,
so I'm curious.
What would it take for you
to consider yourself a bad guy?
- I didn't hurt
any of those people.
I was trying to help them,
to save them.
- So you're a good guy
with a gun,
just trying to be a hero?
- I saw a guy killing people,
and so I drew down on him.
I took a shot.
I tried to help.
- Then why'd you run?
- I don't have a permit
to carry in New York,
and I can't catch a felony
right now.
Look, I'm in town
for a job interview,
which I'm missing as we speak,
by the way.
I went to lunch.
I saw a shady guy pull a gun,
and yeah, of course
I drew my weapon.
What am I supposed to do?
Just sit there and not help?
- So let me get this straight.
You fired your weapon inside
of a crowded restaurant
to help people?
- Yeah, and I had a clean shot,
too,
until that idiot grabbed my arm
and threw off my aim.
Then the real shooter saw me
and fired back.
And I got out of there fast.
♪
- Let's say we did believe you.
What did the other shooter
look like?
- He was all covered up.
He had a dark knit cap,
a bandana, and aviator shades.
All I can tell you
is he was a tall white guy.
- Okay, so Grimes' story
checks out.
He was in town
for a job interview
with Bracken Security, and
his gun is legally registered
in Arkansas.
- Yeah, makes sense.
ERT found different types
of shell casings.
Two were from a 9-millimeter,
match his weapon.
All the others were
from a .40-cal fired
from the back of the restaurant
from a different gun.
- Which means we're only
looking for the one suspect--
the guy with the knit hat,
bandana,
and aviator sunglasses.
- Right, oh, and we caught
a video of the guy
near the subway
at 110th Street,
but facial rec was a bust.
- Let's release his photo
to the media,
see if anybody recognizes him.
- Hey, there's a birthday cake,
still has candles in it.
Maybe someone was taking
pictures.
- And the camera might have
captured an image
of the gunman.
Good idea.
We'll check it out.
- Hey, Elise.
Did you come across
any birthday photos
from the restaurant?
- Birthday photos?
- Yeah.
- Um...
no.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah, fine.
I'm just a little...
This case, four dead,
and that young mother,
she's in critical condition.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's awful.
- Hey, guys.
Maggie, we got something.
- Guess the restaurant
gave Scola and Tiffany
the name of the woman
celebrating her birthday.
Turns out her sister
had her camera phone out
when the shooting started,
and she was recording video.
They just sent it over.
Kelly?
- Yep.
[indistinct chatter]
[soft dramatic music]
[laughter and applause]
- It's over, Frank!
[gunshots and screaming]
- Get down!
Get down!
- We've got to get
out of here!
- Stay down, stay down!
- Can't see the shooter at all.
- Yeah, but I think
I heard something.
Can you play that back
and enhance the audio
right before the shooting
started?
- Yeah, I can do that.
♪
[laughter and applause]
- It's over, Frank!
[gunshots]
- Yeah, Frank--
don't we have
a victim named Frank?
- Yeah, there's a Frank Olson
who's listed
as one of the deceased.
52-year-old
African American male.
- How many times
was Frank shot?
- Twice.
- And were any of the other
victims shot twice?
- No, just Olson, and according
to the ERT record,
he was seated at the back
of the restaurant.
- Where the shooting started.
- Right, so the shooter
knows Frank.
He shoots him first,
he shoots him twice,
and then our
"good guy with a gun" appears--
- The shooter returns fire,
killing three innocent
bystanders on his way out.
- So this wasn't a random hate
crime or a mass shooting.
This is more like an execution
gone sideways.
- Yeah, and our intended target
was Frank Olson.
♪
- Domoda was Frank's
favorite restaurant.
He grabs lunch there
all the time,
so when I heard
about the shooting...
I tried to call him, but it
went straight to voicemail.
I was hoping he'd dropped
his phone in the chaos,
but part of me knew.
- Sorry, Ms. Travers.
- I've been with Frank since
he founded Swain & Olson.
He was a good man.
- Can you think of anyone
who might
disagree with you on that?
- What do you mean?
I thought the shooting
was racially motivated.
That's what the news said.
- We have reason to believe
that Frank was targeted.
Have there been any arguments
or threats?
- Not that I'm aware of--
nothing serious, anyway.
Actually, there is a former
employee you should look at,
a junior associate who Frank
fired eight months ago.
He sued the firm
for wrongful termination,
claimed he was fired
for his political leanings.
Total nonsense.
The truth was he just wasn't
billing enough hours,
and he wasn't
a very good lawyer.
- And you think he's capable
of doing something like this?
- He was just always
a click off,
kind of guy you worry about.
- Okay,
could you be more specific?
- After the judge
tossed his suit,
he started showing up
at Frank's house
at all hours,
harassing him, making threats.
Frank got a restraining order.
Just ignored it.
- Okay, do you know the last
time that he confronted Frank?
- Two days ago.
Security guard caught him
in the lobby.
It got heated.
A guard chased him off.
- Okay, what's this man's name?
- Neil Jacobs.
[dramatic music]
♪
- [whistling a tune]
[knocking on door]
- What is it?
- We got water leaking
from the ceiling downstairs
in 1A.
Seems to be coming
from your apartment.
Manager said to come
take a look.
♪
- You can't just show up
out of the blue.
- Why don't you just cut me
some slack and let me in?
- So I'm gonna try this
in English.
Come back in an hour.
I'm in the middle of something.
Thanks.
- FBI, get on the ground now!
- Careful, he could be going
for a weapon.
♪
- Okay, okay, okay!
Don't shoot, don't shoot!
- Turn around.
- Okay, okay.
- Back room clear!
- Okay!
♪
I want the name
of your supervisor!
He's going to hear all about
how you broke into my place,
damaged my personal property,
physically threatened me
without cause!
- Our supervisor's a she,
Mr. Jacobs,
and we'll be happy
to give you her name,
but she's just gonna tell you
the same thing we are.
You're under arrest
for criminal contempt.
- On what grounds?
- On the grounds
that you violated an order
of protection.
- Hey, Frankie!
Anybody know where Frankie is?
- That's you, isn't it,
in the lobby of Swain & Olson
two days ago?
- You just--
you get that, right?
Where is he, Doug?
Just tell me where he is.
Just tell me where he is--
hey, Frank!
I'm coming for you, Frank!
- Come on!
- I'm coming!
- Come on, get out!
Can I get some help here,
please?
- I went there to let them know
I'm contesting that order.
It was filed based
on false information,
so as far as I'm concerned,
it's unenforceable.
- I doubt a judge'll
see it that way.
- I'm the victim,
not Frank Olson.
He and his minions
waged a campaign
to ruin my reputation,
bad-mouthed me all over town,
made sure no one will hire me.
Now they sic the Feds on me?
Tell Olson he can rot in hell.
- Afraid we can't do that.
Olson was shot and killed
by a masked gunman
this afternoon.
♪
- He's dead?
- Yep.
♪
- Karma's a bitch.
- Is it?
- You think--
I hate Frank,
but I didn't kill him.
- So it's just a coincidence
that he was killed
less than 48 hours
after you said
you were coming for him?
- Yes, that's exactly
what this is.
This is a coincidence.
- Okay.
Then maybe you can tell us
where you were today
at 12:30 p.m.
- As a matter of fact, I can.
I was at the NYU Law Library.
I swiped my card on the way in
and on the way out,
and there's cameras--
lots of them.
♪
- Security camera caught
Neil Jacobs
leaving the NYU Law Library
ten minutes
before the shooting.
- There's no way he could have
made it from West Village
to Morningside Heights
in that amount of time.
- Definitely not our guy.
- Okay.
What else do we know
about Frank Olson?
Any ongoing issues,
gambling debts,
financial problems,
angry romantic partners?
- It doesn't look like it, no.
- Guys.
- Yeah?
- Call just came
through the tip line.
Woman saw a man matching
the shooter's description
hanging out in front
of an office building
in Williamsburg--same knit hat,
same sunglasses.
Said he was holding something
in his hand,
thought it might be a gun.
- Okay, send Maggie and OA
the address.
♪
- Are you sure we're
in the right place?
I thought you said this guy
was spotted
outside of an office building.
- The address Elise gave me--
271 Franklin Street.
- Hey, Maggie.
- Hey, Elise.
We're out front.
Something's off.
It's 271 Franklin Street,
right?
- Uh...
No, sorry, 271 Franklin Place,
not Street.
I'm so, so sorry.
- How far off are we?
♪
- You're close,
half a block north.
- Copy.
- She got the address wrong?
[gunshots]
- Hey, hey.
Stay back, get back!
- You okay?
I got him.
It's okay.
- [exhaling sharply]
- This is Special Agent Bell.
Shots fired
at 271 Franklin Place.
I need backup and an ambulance
to this location right away.
Suspect's fled the scene.
He's in a gray Mercedes-Benz.
He's headed westbound
on White Street.
- Hey, the guy that shot you,
what'd he look like?
- I don't know.
He grabbed a woman in front
of the building.
I tried to help--he shot me.
Then he threw the lady in the
trunk of the car and took off.
- Do you know the woman
he grabbed?
- No clue, I was just walking
to the subway.
- Okay.
Okay.
♪
- Yeah, Jubal, our shooter just
took off in a gray Benz,
and he kidnapped a woman.
- All right?
- Witness says that the woman
was Latina,
she was in her 30s, and
she was wearing a pink shirt
with a tan jacket.
OA's inside now
trying to get a name.
- What about the suspect's car?
Did anyone grab a plate?
- Jubal said the JOC
is searching
for street cams right now.
We got here just as the perp
was taking off.
- Oh, why didn't you
pursue him?
- We were on foot.
Car was around the corner.
We got off
at the wrong address,
half a block south,
so we ran over
when we heard the gunshots.
- But the good news is
that the security guard
saw the abduction.
The person that was kidnapped
works in the building.
Her name is Maria Muñoz.
- Maria Muñoz, divorced,
one kid, lives in Brooklyn,
has a computer science degree
from Fordham University,
is the founder
of a reputational website
called FraudStir.
- Oh, I know this site.
People post complaints
about unreliable contractors,
cheating spouses,
deadbeat dads.
Definitely don't want to be
in their hall of shame.
They get a ton of traffic.
- PD just found Maria's purse
two blocks
from the crime scene--
phone was inside.
- All right, well,
so much for tracking her down
via cell phone.
That's all right.
We just need another angle,
another path.
Is there any connection
between Maria
and our initial target,
Frank Olson?
- Not yet, as far as I can
tell, they've never met.
- Yeah, there's no post
by or about Olson
on Maria's website either.
- Keep digging.
Scour her emails, or texts,
or financial records.
Let's assume
this was not random.
Our shooter went into
this building for a reason.
He was looking for Maria,
but he wanted
to keep her alive.
Question is why.
- Frank Olson?
No, doesn't ring a bell, sorry.
I've been telling Maria
for weeks
that she should hire security.
- Wait, so you knew
she was in danger?
Had someone threatened her?
- Try everyone.
Maria built FraudStir
as a safe place
to call out the scumbags
of the world,
but she didn't think
to protect herself.
- Any of these scumbags
especially angry?
- Maria handled
all the hate mail.
Feel free to look
around her office.
- Thank you.
- Why'd you cover
for Elise back there?
- 'Cause she made a mistake.
No point in throwing her
under the bus.
- Street versus place
doesn't sound like a big deal,
but it cost us a few minutes.
She didn't screw up,
we might've been able
to prevent this abduction.
- You don't know that.
- Yeah, but still it's kind of
our duty to report it
up the chain to Jubal.
- Like I said,
she made a mistake.
Let's move on for now.
- Okay.
- Excuse me.
Do you know who Bob is?
Looks like he tried
to call Maria several times.
- Yeah, he's been on a rampage
trying to get us
to delete certain posts.
- What kinds of posts?
- A user claims
he's a pedophile,
posted some disturbing photos,
but this guy Bob says
it's all a lie,
demanded the posts
be taken down immediately.
- Did you remove them?
- No.
Maria refused.
Then he hit us with a bunch
of cease and desist letters,
then filed a legal complaint,
but the law's on our side.
Our users can post anything
they want,
and we're not responsible.
- That makes perfect sense.
[soft dramatic music]
- What's Bob's last name?
Bob Avery's an equity partner
at Swain & Olson.
He's been there
the last eight years.
He has a wife
and a teenage son.
- According to ATF records,
Avery bought a .40-cal
Smith & Wesson last month,
same caliber
as our murder weapon.
- And I checked
the DMV database.
Avery owns a gray Mercedes.
- Okay, it sounds like
we got our guy.
Let's add the plate
to the BOLO,
start checking traffic cams,
and let's get Avery's name
and picture
to every law enforcement agency
in the tristate area.
What about Avery's phone?
- Already tried pinging it,
no go.
- Okay, so what triggered
all of this?
It looks like these negative
posts have been up for a while,
so why now--why today?
- Because Frank Olson fired him
this morning at 8:45 a.m.
Just talked to human resources
at Swain & Olson.
- Because of the photos?
- Yes, the firm has been
investigating for months
but couldn't come up
with any hard evidence,
but clients have been
complaining.
A few have left the firm
altogether,
so Olson didn't have a choice.
He had to blow him out.
- Right, so Olson fires Avery.
Avery snaps.
He shoots Olson,
and then he grabs Maria Muñoz,
does not shoot her,
just abducts her, why?
- Because he wants something.
- Yeah, the name of the person
who posted those photos
on FraudStir.
- Guys, 911 operator said she's
got Maria Muñoz on the phone.
We've got her live
on video chat.
- Okay, transfer it up here.
- Kelly, start tracking
that signal.
- Yeah, on it.
Phone is registered
to her daughter.
- Hello?
Anyone there?
- Maria,
this is Jubal Valentine.
I'm with the FBI.
We're going to help you.
Can you tell me where you are?
- I'm in the trunk.
I don't know where,
but I'm pretty sure
we're still in Brooklyn.
We've been stopping a lot.
- I'm tracking the call,
but the signal's weak.
- Okay, Maria, listen to me.
We're tracking your call.
We'll be there very soon.
- Okay.
Hurry, please.
And if something happens,
can someone call
my daughter Sophia?
- Yeah, yeah, we'll tell her,
but Maria,
we're gonna help you, okay?
We're gonna get there.
- Tell her that I love her,
and that she's gonna be okay,
and not to be sad,
to live her life.
- I've got a location--
75 Oxford Street in Fort Green.
- That's Maria's home address.
- Okay, go.
Go, go, go!
♪
- [sobbing]
Hurry.
- Thank you.
Maria's cell just stopped
transmitting.
♪
- Car's still warm.
- OA.
♪
You guys hold the front.
We're gonna check around back.
♪
I have eyes on her.
Maria.
♪
- OA, I need your help.
Let's get her on the ground.
One, two, three...
Okay.
- This is Special Agent Zidan.
We need an ambulance
to 75 Oxford Street
in Fort Green.
We have a victim with
a gunshot wound to the chest.
She is nonresponsive.
♪
No sign of Bob Avery.
- She's gone.
♪
- Maria Muñoz is dead.
Avery shot her
in a fit of rage, or panic,
or because she capitulated
and gave him the information
he was looking for, right?
- And if that's the case,
means Avery's got the name
of his next target,
but we don't.
- That's right, so we need
to crack that code, people.
Let's figure out
what Avery already knows--
the name of the person that
exposed him as a pedophile.
- FraudStir is refusing to
give us access to the database.
- And the guys from CART said
that the website's security
is heavily fortified.
I mean, they're gonna need
at least another hour
to break the encryption.
- We don't have
that kind of time.
- Okay,
what about the tip line?
Is there anything we can run
from that?
- Maybe.
- Where's Elise?
- I don't know.
- Jubal, I've got something.
So I've been analyzing
the online photos of Avery,
the ones with him
and the young girls.
- Good.
- See the way the light
reflects off of Avery
versus the young girls?
- The angles are different.
- Right, right,
so is the coloring,
gamma, saturation.
I ran it through
a reverse imaging database.
[dramatic music]
- It's a deepfake.
- Yeah, they all are.
- So Avery's telling the truth?
- Looks that way.
- Okay, so somebody had it out
for him.
They wanted the world to think
Bob Avery was a pedophile.
- All right,
bring in Avery's wife.
Let's see what she knows.
Maybe she can help narrow down
the list of possible targets.
♪
- Hey.
- Sorry, I, um--
- No, no, it's okay.
I just--I had a headache.
I appreciate you
not telling anyone
I screwed up that address.
- Yeah, of course.
Elise.
I know this is none
of my business,
but if I was to guess,
I would say that probably
wasn't headache medication.
If there's something going on,
I'm here if you want to talk.
- I've been having some anxiety
lately, that's all.
My cousin's a doctor.
She wrote me a prescription,
and...
hearing that woman say goodbye
to her daughter,
it brought me right back
to the day when...
they put the bomb
around my neck.
♪
- That makes sense.
Have you talked to anybody
in the Bureau about this?
Like your stress levels
and medication?
- No, no.
- I mean, you know you can
reach out to any EAP counselor.
- I know, but if I do,
they'll pull me from the JOC
and stick me
in some low-stress desk job.
- I understand that,
but I still think
it's important
that you address this properly.
- I appreciate your concern,
but I'm fine.
I've got this under control.
- Hey, Maggie.
Avery's wife just arrived.
- All right.
- I gotta get back.
[clears throat]
- Everything all right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, she just stepped out,
needed a drink.
♪
I know this is a lot to process
right now,
but we really need your help.
- Ma'am, the photos posted
to FraudStir are fake.
- So my whole life--
Bob's whole life was destroyed
for no reason
based on a bunch of lies?
- It looks that way.
- I cannot imagine
what you've just been through,
but right now we have got
to find your husband
before he kills someone else.
We think that Bob is trying
to track down the person
who he believes accused him
of being a pedophile.
- So do you know anyone
who might have a grudge
against your husband?
- No.
- Someone who thinks
that Bob screwed them over?
- No, no,
before all this craziness,
Bob was a kind
and decent person.
People loved him.
Then these posts appeared,
and...
he promised me
that they were fake,
that it was some insane plan
to destroy his reputation,
and I wanted to believe him.
God, I really did,
but the longer those photos
stayed up,
the more people believed
they were true, and...
myself included.
- Okay.
[soft music]
Before all of this started,
was there anything else
going on in your lives--
anything unusual?
- Uh...
about a week or so before
the posts started appearing,
the cops came to our house
one night,
said a concerned neighbor
called 911
and accused Bob
of domestic violence,
which of course wasn't true.
I thought it was
a teenage prank at the time.
- Okay.
We'll look into it.
- Tell me we got something
from that bogus 911 call.
- Came from a payphone.
- Really?
Can't be too many
of those still around.
- More than you think,
but this one here
is two blocks away
from Neil Jacobs' apartment.
- Wait, our disgruntled
lawyer friend?
- Jubal, I've been reading
his HR file.
Neil filed a lot of complaints,
mentioned Bob Avery
in several of them,
saying that he got
preferential treatment
from senior partners,
he got access
to high-profile clients
and transactions.
Bottom line: Neil was jealous
of this guy's success.
- Well, sure,
Avery's career was taking off.
Neil's was going sideways,
or backwards.
- I think Avery making partner
was the straw
that broke his back--look.
First defamatory post
appears on FraudStir
the day after
Avery made partner.
I mean,
it could be a coincidence--
- Ah, ah, ah!
- But you don't believe
in coincidences.
- I most definitely do not.
Let's track down
this Neil Jacobs fast.
[dramatic music]
[men grunting, gunshots]
♪
- Where's Avery?
- I don't know.
♪
- Cover me!
- Covering.
♪
Go, I'll call an ambulance.
- [yelps]
[glass shatters]
♪
[grunting, groaning]
- This is Special Agent Scola
requesting backup
and an aircraft
at Marcy and Greene.
In pursuit of a white male
suspect, Bob Avery--
late 30s,
possible gunshot wound.
Avery is on foot,
armed and dangerous.
- NYPD's setting up a four
block perimeter containment,
knocking on every door.
K9 unit's en route.
- Heard you might've
tagged him?
- Winged him at the very least.
Either way, he's hurting bad
after that fall.
Jubal, what do you got?
- Hey, NYPD just confirmed
a man fitting Avery's
description was seen
taking shelter in a storage
facility half a mile away.
I'm sending you the address
now.
- Copy that, on our way.
[cell phone trills]
- Hey, Elise, what's up?
- Tip just came in.
Caller saw a bloody man getting
on the A train heading north
near Neil's apartment,
said he was limping.
- That contradicts
NYPD's intel.
- I know, but I scrubbed
CCTV footage
of every stop on that line,
saw a man with a limp hop off
at 125th Street.
I couldn't get a good look
at his face, but--
- That's halfway across town.
- I checked the area.
Avery's son goes to school
two blocks
from that subway stop.
- Does Jubal want us
to pursue this?
- I haven't told him.
- We need to roll.
- Elise, how sure are you
about this?
- Avery has to know it's over.
He's been shot, and his target
is in our custody.
It makes sense that he'd go see
his son to say goodbye.
When I thought
I was gonna die that day,
that's all I wanted to do--
see my daughter, say goodbye.
♪
- I think this is worth
checking out.
- Okay, then I'll tell Jubal
we're pursuing
a different lead.
- All right, Elise,
we're on our way.
♪
- All right,
you check the perimeter.
I'm gonna go inside.
- Okay.
♪
Maggie, I got a potential Avery
in my 12:00,
trying to get a better look.
♪
It's him.
FBI, don't move!
♪
[girl screams]
- Bob, don't do it!
Don't do it, Bob!
She's just a kid--she's got
nothing to do with this!
- I'll shoot her!
- Okay, okay, we'll stop.
Let her go.
- After I talk to my son!
- Bob, we can make that happen,
but first you have
to let her go.
- Why, so you can shoot me?
No!
You've got ten minutes
to bring my son here,
or she dies!
♪
- Okay, Josh,
we need your help, all right?
Your dad took someone hostage,
one of your classmates.
He wants to hear your voice.
You're the only person
he wants to talk to,
so we need you
to get on the phone
and tell him
that you forgive him--
- He's a murderer!
I don't want anything
to do with him.
- Attention, all students,
please head toward
your designated
safety zones.
- Kid doesn't wanna help.
We'll have to take the shot.
- What's your status?
- Sniper's setting up
on the roof,
but we don't have a clear shot.
He's got the girl,
Hannah, here
in this covered part
of the courtyard.
- Okay, can we approach him
through this eastern corridor?
He'd see you coming
a mile away.
- What if I get him talking,
you guys get a jump on him?
- Okay, it's worth a shot,
but it's gonna have to happen
fast.
- Well, let's try.
- Okay.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Bob Avery!
- You got my son?
Do you have Josh?
- Not yet.
We need more time.
- You've got two minutes!
♪
- Hannah, are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
- Bob, you need to let her go.
- No, not until I see Josh.
- Look, we know that you've
been through a lot
these last few months, okay,
and we've proven
that the photos
with the girls are fake.
We're gonna do everything
we can
to get your story out there
and clear your name.
- No, it's too late for that.
I just want to see my son.
That's it!
♪
- No, stop!
Stop, stop.
Don't come any closer.
I will kill her.
I will kill her!
- Okay, okay.
I'm just putting the gun away.
♪
I spoke with your wife today.
She knows the truth,
so does Josh.
- Yeah?
Well, I want to tell him
myself.
Bring him here!
Where is he?
♪
- He's not coming.
- What?
- He's not ready
to talk to you.
He's upset.
He's too emotional.
He doesn't know
how to process this yet.
- What're you saying?
- It's over.
♪
There's only one of two ways
you're getting out of here:
alive or dead.
Please.
Don't leave your son
without his father.
You can talk to him
another time.
- Behind plexiglass
in a jumpsuit.
- It's better than a casket.
♪
I know what you've been through
has been really traumatizing,
and I think you've reacted,
and you've done things
you wouldn't normally do.
This isn't who you are.
♪
She's someone else's daughter.
Please, let her go.
♪
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I didn't--
♪
- Bob, you've--you've gotta
give me the gun.
We're gonna work it out, but
you've gotta give me the gun.
Give me the gun.
- Oh, my God.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
Come on.
Please.
- Oh, my God.
- You've gotta give me the gun.
Please.
- Tell Josh I'm sorry.
- No!
- [grunts]
♪
- I got him.
- Okay.
♪
- Crazy how easy it was
for one person
to create so much damage.
- Well, that's why you can't
let guys like Avery buy guns.
- I agree, but I was
actually talking about
the guy who started all this,
Neil Jacobs.
If he wasn't such a bitter,
resentful prick,
didn't post all those lies...
- Well, then Avery would still
be partner at Swain & Olson.
- And there would be five more
people walking and breathing.
- Well, it's been a long day.
What do you say we go
get some drinks, huh?
- I'm gonna take a rain check.
I'm gonna head home.
Hey, that was a really
great call about Avery.
I made sure that Jubal
and Isobel know, too.
- Thanks.
- In regards to our discussion
earlier--
- Oh, I appreciate you
following up,
but like I said, I'm good.
- Today, maybe.
What about tomorrow
or the next day?
What about the time that you
can't manage your stress?
[soft dramatic music]
♪
The JOC's not a place that we
can afford to take that chance.
You've gotta talk to Jubal.
- I told you, I can't.
- If you don't, I will.
- Maggie--
- No.
Trauma can be deceptive.
It comes at you in waves.
You're gonna have a good day,
and then you're gonna have
a string of really bad days,
and then before you know it,
you'll be drowning.
Trust me, I know.
I've been there.
♪
Elise, you can ask for help.
- Hey, what's up?
♪
- You got a second?
- Yeah, of course.
What's going on?
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]